## Website Content Change Detection Frontend
This is the frontend of the detector. It shows the diffs between versions of website with git style UI.

## Instruction
git clone https://github.com/inanisvitae/WebChangeAgent.git <br />

### Description


### Development build
yarn <br />
yarn start <br />
### Production build
yarn <br />
yarn build <br />
yarn serve <br />

### Deployed instance
It is deployed on <br />
https://changedetectorfrontend.herokuapp.com/ <br />
Initial loading can take some time because heroku puts apps to sleep after some minutes.

### Server
Server is deployed on <br />
https://changedetectorserver.herokuapp.com/


### Objective
This project aims to monitor the changes made to website hosted on a designated URL and present <br />
 the changes in github-style manner, so user is able to see the differences between old version <br />
and new version of the website. User is allowed to select different versions to compare. <br />
Then server will return two versions of server, an old version and a new one, along with <br />
diff patch generated by server. In the end, user is able to see the comparison of two versions. <br />

### Method
Essentially, server visits the designated URL every 1 minute and scrapes the current html<br />
then it saves it locally in the disk for future review. 

### Tools
Multiple frameworks and libraries are used in this projec. For frontend, latest Gatsby is used <br />
It packages the frontend code into a static website to boost performance. <br />
For backend, express.js is used.
### Outcomes
The application is deployed on https://changedetectorfrontend.herokuapp.com/. As shown, the result <br />
accurately reflects the changes made to the website.